docs: clarify tutorials usage (#620)
DeepRank/deeprank2: tutorials/TUTORIAL.md

  - single-residue variant (SRV) data ([data_generation_srv.ipynb](https://github.com/DeepRank/deeprank2/blob/main/tutorials/data_generation_srv.ipynb)).
- The [training tutorial](tutorials/training_ppi.ipynb) will demonstrate how to train neural networks using DeepRank2.

> ### :heavy_exclamation_mark: Important :heavy_exclamation_mark:

Reviewer: Not sure this level of emphasis is needed :)

> For correct results, please run these tutorials within the expected Jupyter notebooks (`.ipynb` files) and avoid using the Python interactive shell (command line), which may cause certain functions (e.g., such as `inspect.getsource()`) to not work as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a smooth experience, please run these tutorials within the Jupyter notebooks provided (`.ipynb` files). Running the commands in a Python (interactive) shell or on command line may lead to unexpected errors.
```
